---
date: 2023-02-01
title: The Creative Update |
---

#### New major update since 1.5 years!

I'm happy to announce that a new major update called the Creative Update is now out. I worked hard for the last half a year for this update to be released. For the interested, I've made a separate paragraph explaining what happened in 2022 and why there weren't any serious updates that year.

The new update features improved versions of all my early [musical compositions](music) and a couple of new ones. I still haven't released my music from 2021, but it will soon be out one way or another. I've also released a couple of my [stories](other/stories), but for now they are only in Polish and are therefore located in the Other section. I've also added a description of my board game [Łowcy Niebios](other/łowcy-niebios), on which I spent most of my remaining time in 2021.

The update also comes with two new translations (as well as an experimental translation in my conlang Daikova). I've written all of them entirely by myself mostly in summer 2022 and then revised before the update. If you're wondering why there's no translation in, for example, Ukrainian, it's simply because I am not familiar with other languages and don't want to create low-quality translations. Therefore, new translations are unlikely unless someone supports with their own, reliable translation of the website performed by themselves.

#### Another major update may be coming soon

If you've explored the new version thoroughly, you may have also noticed that my old article about organization and planning is now archived. It's because recently I've started studying management in [Łazarski University](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lazarski_University) and found some elements of the article irrelevant. I'm not going to rewrite the article, however relevant information will be covered by my new project started in January 2022 which will receive its own section in the website in the 5.0 Information Update. 

The next update will further divide and order the website, adding at least two new sections, and merging at least another two. Its full preparation will take more than 500 hours (50% of which is complete by now), so I'm currently hoping for the update to be out somewhere by summer 2023.

#### What happened in 2022?

Although there were no major updates in 2022, it was actually a very busy year.

By the beginning of the year, I quite struggled in my previous university, which I've eventually left (as it turned out, it was a very good decision). In the meantime, I started working on many things which would be available in 5.0 or later. It's because by that time there was no concrete image of the next major update. In spring, I assembled plenty of musical resources necessary for composing better music. I also spent a great amount of time working on my language and piano abilities, the former of which I've made use of in July, when I started working on 4.0. Around the same time, I finally started writing a successful story, which was the main reason the update took so long. In September I started working on improving my music and decided to include that in the update, too. Earlier, I also attempted to make a return to math, but it was only possible by the time I got into the new university. My programming skills have not been in use in 2022, however I will have a return to programming in spring when I will be introduced to Python at the university. Therefore, 5.0 may also feature some changes in the code.

Thus, there's a lot to come this year.