---
date: 2021-08-19
title: Other Update |
---

Recently, I've had a lot of time, so this update is so far the biggest update of the website.

#### What's New

This update was going to appear by the end of June (blame [BeetMacol](https://beetmacol.com)), but now the code is way way better (*thank* BeetMacol), which makes the website load way faster and it's now easier for me to extend it. If you've been to the website earlier, you can see that it changed considerably and looks cleaner and better.

When it comes to new content, the main new feature of the update is the [Other](/other) section. Its main purpose is to keep you on the website longer. It doesn't feature a lot, but it's not as bad as you may think. Apart from that, I've rewritten the Home section and tweaked a few things here and there. The website also got a cool 404 error page. Now, I won't be mentioning every change because it'd bore you - but if you're interested, you can learn of as many changes as you want in the newly added [Changelog](/other/changelog)!

#### What Next

There's much more going on behind the scenes and I'm planning to add plenty of new content. Therefore, I've added the [List of things coming soon](/other/other/soon) for those who want to know about all the new stuff that are going to appear... Well, almost all. I need to keep a few surprises in secret, right?

Anyway, out of the biggest new things yet to come are at least two website games and some of my recent stories, but at first they'll possibly appear only in Polish. I didn't forget about the previous sections, though. In a few months I'll surely add all of my 2021 music in the [Music](/music) section (it's a part of a soundtrack yet to be released) and I'm still adding new [math tools](/math) from time to time. I'm afraid, however, that I won't be updating the [Graphs](/graphs) section anymore and I might consider grouping it with the math tools into one big Math section in the future.

... If you're curious what happened with the data graphs I've mentioned previously - they went a bit poorly and I've decided to focus on other things instead. Perhaps I'll get back to it someday.

<br />

<MdImage img="sup/level-up.png" height="250" class="border"></MdImage>