---
date: 2023-09-22
title: The Information Update |
---

#### The greatest update of the website?

I said this will be the greatest update, so why are there less sections? Did the website shrink?

Although I'm taking measures to improve the website's readability, this isn't really the case. If you look closely, you'll notice that almost every currently existing section in the website has actually doubled in size! This doesn't mean that new sections aren't possible, it's just that some projects have to undergo improvements or become more important to appear in the topbar.

As you probably noticed, the entire **Home section was redesigned** into a far more readable page. The About page, which I first meant to put in the topbar, can be found linked to Home and located in the Other section. By doing so, I've put away the more distant details in the distance. I also added images and brief descriptions for each subsection to make things clearer.

#### Music is out!

After many years, I'm finally releasing all of my music, in four completed albums, on the website. Previously, the website contained only what made up the first album and half of the fourth album. That's a lot to explore!

I also plan to **publicly release my music** on streaming platforms by the end of this year.

#### Self-improvement research

Another long-lasting project I foreshadowed earlier has now been made accessible, but due to many though little possible improvements, and also its size, it's only available in English for now. Besides complementing the "article" I once made, it also moves a ton of other topics. I hope someone can find this useful... and come here more often.

#### More content?

Besides this, I've also added a few smaller projects, but generally speaking **I will now focus on improving and expanding the existing sections** with few new ones popping out. I don't see any more big updates on the horizon, but many smaller ones, bit by bit adding to the big picture, are now highly possible. Expect more music, more stories, and other creative things.

Despite what I said about translations, I'm now actually working on a Ukrainian translation (partly because it was hard to bear to have a Russian flag and no Ukrainian one, but also for other reasons), and if everything turns out well, one day I may also do a Finnish translation. But we'll see what future brings.
